magento/devdocs#1547: Migrating queue.xml to seperate queue_consumer.xml, queue_publisher.xml and queue_topology.xml not working (#5322)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/extension-dev-guide/message-queues/config-mq.md

Configuring the message queue topology involves creating and modifying the following configuration files in the `<module>/etc` directory:

> * [`queue.xml`](#queuexml) - Defines brokers that processes topics. Use for the `db` ([MySQL]) connection only. Do not create this file for the `amqp` ([RabbitMQ]) connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`queue.xml`](#queuexml) - Defines brokers that processes topics. Use for `db` ([MySQL]) connections only. Do not create this file for `amqp` ([RabbitMQ]) connections.
```

Author: **fixed**

* In cases where you want to configure the local queue and publish to it for 3rd party systems to consume, you will need the `queue_publisher.xml` and `queue_topology.xml` files.
* When you want to configure the local queue and consume messages published by 3rd party system, you will need the `queue_topology.xml` and `queue_consumer.xml` files.

### `queue.xml` {#queuexml}

> The `queue.xml` file defines the broker that processes topics. It also specifies the queue each topic will be sent to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `queue.xml` file defines the broker that processes topics. It also specifies the queue each topic will be sent to. Do not create this file for RabbitMQ connections.
```

Author: **implemented**

### Sample `queue.xml` file
{:.no_toc}

```xml
<config xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:magento:framework:Communication/etc/communication.xsd">
    <broker topic="product_action_attribute.update" exchange="magento-db" type="db">
        <queue name="product_action_attribute.update" 
               consumer="product_action_attribute.update" 
               consumerInstance="Magento\Framework\MessageQueue\Consumer" 
               handler="Magento\Catalog\Model\Attribute\Backend\Consumer::process"/>
    </broker>
</config>
```

### broker element
{:.no_toc}

The `broker` element also contains `queue` elements.

Parameter | Description
--- | ---
topic | A topic defined in the `communication.xml` file.

> type | The type of message broker. For this release, the value must be `amqp` or `db`.

Reviewer: Should the value be `db`, since RabbitMQ connections don't use this file?

Delete "For this release, "

Author: **fixed**

Author: Thank you, @keharper!
